hello and welcome in this video I want
to show you a matrix home bro game from
2006 called 3d Lord of the robots which
also supports this really immature if
you are new to this channel and you
don't know what the matrix is and how
the 3d mature works
I already made videos about those so
maybe this could be interesting for you
this was produced by developer called
George Bernoulli's founder of the
company fairy Unlimited he's a very
successful and active developer for
vector X homebrew games and I bought
some great games from him most of his
games don't include the color overlay
and therefore the games have packaged in
those nice small plastic cases that
contain the game cartridge in the main
room those cases - only the logo space
and they can be split nicely also 3d
lord of the robots is packaged in a
small plastic box but this time the
packaging includes a nice looking
engraved metal lid this game was limited
to 100 cartridges only and what is great
is that the game supports both color
wheels for the 3d mature and if you
don't have a 3d image at all there is
also a 2d version of the game included
on same garbage is this is an old game
you can download it nowadays for free
from the developers web page very
unlimited calm the game is there called
Lord of the robots without 3d in the
title but for the description I guess it
is the same thing as even downloaded to
check for any differences though
inside the box there is the cottage in
the mainland everything looks nice and
well produced as this is the case with
all games from production let's have a
look at the mainland
the manor starts with a nice little
background story the robot army has been
defeated the queen of the robots
destroyed unfortunately in post-war
Antarctica the remaining robot briefed
us are unaware of the fact that the war
is over they are still fighting at our
tooth and nail blast your way through a
hundred robotic enemies including the
Emperor troll and become the lord of the
robots so you have buttons for shield
and fire and you can a mr. joystick at
the beginning of the game you have to
choose between the two color wheels that
you can start with the 2d version of the
game
so let's try to get some footage
students really mature I cannot show you
the 3d effect here but at least I can
show you the color edit by the 3d imager
last time when I did my 3d imagery
review video the final video looked
great in my editing software and on my
computer screen but after uploading it
to YouTube all the scenes showing
footage through this really mature ended
up in a flickering mess I suspected some
component in the Youtube upload process
is messing around with the time base of
the videos for example making a 30
frames per second video out of my 50 eye
videos I don't know for sure if this is
the case but it would explain why the
videos looked so much worse later on
anything I will try now to set the
camera to manual exposure in the hope
that it looks a bit better this time not
sure if it will work and I will see the
result when the video is done and
uploaded to YouTube please don't expect
great gameplay from me here as it is
always hard to look through the small
few file of the camera and play the game
so let's select color wheel 2 which is
currently inserted in my 3d mature in
this game you have to shoot the robots
and they shoot at you nice and simple
architecture the 3d effect looks great
and I also like the additional color the
3d meters providing the sound effects
are also great
let's have a quick look at the 2d
version of the game as well my only
complaint here is that the 2d version of
the game runs faster than the 3d version
so for 3d more time is needed to draw
the objects on the screen as the matrix
has to draw everything twice once for
the left eye and once for the right eye
in 2d every object is to be rendered
only once and the game was not
programmed in a way to compensate them
so that the 2d version would run slower
so the 2d version is harder than the 3d
version and I could not find out any
trick to reduce the speed in 2d anyway
let's start the 2d version and let's try
to shoot some robots
so was it worth airing this came to my
collection
it is not my favorite metric screen but
I like it and I also wanted to have all
3d games available for the electric 3d
image for my collection
I hope you enjoyed this video thanks for
watching and thanks for subscribing